You are beautiful
People live up to their names
I didn't expect there to be such a beautiful woman in this world
Did you see that?
Did you see it?
Miss Su showed up because of me
I am the chosen one today
This gentleman
I really don't want to hit you.
But Miss Su Qing didn't show up for you
That's not possible.
Who else? Who else has the ability?
Let Miss Su also meet in the lineup
If I'm not mistaken
His identity should be a driver downstream
Look at his eyes.
He was actually blind
Just like this, eat bran throat vegetables
Insignificant waste
Do you think he will let Miss Su meet in the lineup?
He bah
Yeah, that's absolutely impossible.
I think cats and dogs
We are all better than this person
Which one doesn't have eyes?
Bring the price of the outside in here
When today's conference
Can any cat or dog come in?
Saying so much nonsense
You can't see what's in front of you.
Are you really redundant with eyes?